Update Protocol.Params.Param.Display.Range.md (#4412)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/schemadoc/Protocol/Protocol.Params.Param.Display.Range.md

> - The range information is used when defining alarm thresholds.
> - The range information is used by UI components such as parameters of measurement type "analog".
> - The range information is used by the Analytics component of DataMiner for more accurate trend/alarm prediction.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > When using the [time](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.Measurement.Type-options) option, for Cube to correctly display the tooltip and slider within the expected ranges, both the low and high intervals must be specified if a range is required—or neither should be.

Reviewer: This isn't entirely clear. Do I interpret it correctly like this?
```suggestion
> When you use the [time](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.Measurement.Type-options) option, you should either specify both the low and high intervals if a range is required, or specify neither. Otherwise, Cube will not be able to correctly display the tooltip and slider within the expected ranges.
```

Reviewer 2: The goal is to inform to the user that Range should always fill in both Low and High and avoid filling in only one of them. Reason:  In almost all references in Cube where a Range is used, the  readonly on the parameter info object called HasRange property is used to verify if a Range is configured. This property checks if a Low is filled in and a High is filled in. If not, then the Range will not be used.

Author: @MariekeGO I'm fine with your suggestion.
